Hi haha
hello
Anyways yea I wanted to ask how NUS CS has been so far
Cuz guess what, I managed to get NUS CS offer this year!!!
So I’m coming to NUS too hahaha
ooo nice
oh it’s pretty good so far i think haha
haha oh damn all of u guys are going nus now
👍 glad to hear that
Yep that’s right haha
I got offer from RVRC too
So I’ll most likely be staying in campus
Your RC programme just ended right?
yupp
noice i stayed there too
Yo wait actually!
Damn so how did you find it?
pretty chill ahaha
Oh that’s nice haha
What kind of room did you stay in?
Wait actually I’m more curious to know right
How do you deal with the insects haha
I heard the situation can get quite bad
So far did you encounter a lot of insects during your stay?
single non-aircon haha
oo actly there arent that many in my block HAHAH worst case just catch and release
no fear ✋
or ask someone else to help u
Oh cool!
Was that your first choice?
Yo lucky sia HAHA. You mean some blocks kenna more insects than others?
And what kind of insects btw? 😱
ive encountered beetles, cockroaches and moths. i think some ppl had harmless tree snakes in their rooms(?) HHAHA
yeaa tower block has the least bcuz it’s built like raffles hall
the older blocks have more insects
yeaaa
90% of the rooms iirc are single non-aircon
SNAKE?!?!
Bro that’s insane 😭
Damn how did it even enter lmao
Ohh nice
Recently there was some renovation also right? What’s that about?
Oh wait that’s good haha
Haha why didn’t you opt for aircon tho?
looks like a colorful cable 🤣
i think they’re installing more aircons but im not sure
eh i don’t rly use my ac at home either so i didnt see the point HAHAH
Oh my… what ingenious camouflaging 🤣
Ohh I see
On no wonder haha that’s good actually, save electricity
How are RC mods conducted?
like normal classes but inside the rc HAHAH
Ohh
Is it mostly classroom style right?
Are there any lecture kind?
yea
idts? it’s all small classes for rc mods
Oh that’s nice!
How’s the workload of RC mods like?
And how often do y’all have to go outdoors?
uhh a little less than a normal mod
like 2-3 field trips per sem iirc HAHHA
Oh that’s nice
Oh cool
Wait how many RC mods per sem?
just 1 haha
Oh wait that’s not bad eh
Are the RC mods fun? 😂
yea i guess they’re pretty chill
try take them w friends!
Oh that's nice haha
Oh yes
Oh wait how does the mod bidding work?
just go to modreg and bid for the mods u want to take? haha i think you’ll get it when u have to do it
Oh wait so it's thru the same process as bidding normal CS mods also?
For the RCs mods right, is it each sem you have a choice to choose from a bunch of different mods, or are they fixed and all must take it?
oh rc mods are like allocated to you but u have to choose the timeslot
Oh
Cool
For field trips, when are they usually held on? Will they clash with your normal CS lessons?
usually it's during the normal lesson time so normally there would not be a clash
https://devpost.com/software/learningbuddies?ref_content=user-portfolio&ref_feature=in_progress
btw if ur free, can u help me like and vote my submission haha ^^
it’s lookin a bit sad
I see
Sure!
Haha is this for some hackathon?
Oh wait I need to make a devpost account?
What’s devpost anyways?
yeaaa
i think so
some website you use to join hackathons
cool!
Btw i just voted
Atb!
thankss
Yo so how did it go?
L
but ok lah it’s just a telegram bot that i made in 1 day while interning so i didnt have much expectations to begin with HAHAH
Woah ups lah!
Oh ya where are you interning at btw?
oh it’s a small it consulting company
Woah mugger!
What is your role?
just frontend dev haha
Cool!
what's your tech stack like?
angular + node.js
Oh cool!
Yo when you were in RVRC, is it cooling at night?
hmmm probably depends on the room but mine was p cooling!
Oh that’s nice!
Yo for RVRC, are they all single-gendered floors?
yupp
Oh no wonder
I was wondering why the floor gender preference selection was blocked out during my registration process haha
Did you buy the NUS Tee?
i have 2 haha but id prefer if they were dri fit cus the cottom material sucks
but they sell them all the time tbh
Oh shit haha
Is it as bad the VJ-maroon Tee?
Oh actually?
Haha
Do they have this tiered pricing?
yea it’s the same tshirt company i believe
yea normally but tbh there are better nus shirt designs throughout the sem imo
oh wow haha
oh actually haha
is there a SOC specific tee?
oh yea btw do you still use spotify premium?
yeaa
mmhmm computing club sells them haha check out their insta
Oh nice
I stopped using haha cuz I realised I don’t need it
Oh cool!
i use the student one haha $5 a month aint tooo bad plus i listen to music on when i’m jogging, exercising or commuting so
Woah mugger! Eh that’s a good deal!!!
Oh did you join RVRC’s running club or sth?
oh uh my ex was in charge of that so haha yeah i joined cus of him
pretty ded tho
how do ya know HAHHA
Woah wait… you entered a relationship before?!
Damn!
uh yea
i think i told glenn
Nah I guessed cuz you said you go running haha
And I did see running as an interest group when I was preparing to apply for RVRC
i see
Oh haha he never told us that
oh i mean i think he thought it wont last and he was rite lol
Woah shit haha
oh yeah dun spread haha
i only told like some girl friends and glenn lol
iirc
Woah
but since ur entering rvrc, pretty sure my ex will be staying there for another 2 years so you’d see him LMAO
Yea I won’t
thank uu
Oh he extended? How?
oh there’s a senior prog and he’s active in college life i guess
But more importantly tho, did the relationship end off on a good note? I hope you aren’t deeply affected by it in anyway haha
oh uh yeah it’s chill
Ohh I didn’t know
just didnt work out
It is a very competitive programme?
uhh i think so?
Ah I see glad to hear that haha
idk i didnt apply haha
Oh haha
True RC is quite ex actually
Wait did you get any scholarship or sth?
yea but ill be going exchange hopefully + i think id rather just stay home
so that i can try for part time intern or just be more productive in general haha idk
most of my friends arent staying on campus anymore either
Woah mugger! Ups lah haha
To where?
Woah that’s a good idea
uni of washington haha
I see right I think most people just stop right haha
Woah cool!
ye
Yo did you join RAG last time?
nahh haha why r u joining
Oh nah haha
I just wanted to know more about how it’s like
Yo any SOC shirt you would recommend?
I’m planning to buy one haha
oh idk just look at the design and pick ones you like?
Wah… I scared I impulse buy 🤣
Yo btw did you take a Student Loan for uni?
nah im on scholarship
Woah mugger! Which one?
like nus merit
Oh does that one give you priority or sth for overseas exchanges?
i think so? not sure HAHAH
woah nice!
https://form.gov.sg/649ed5ff1366cb001229d673

Yo pls help vote for our team, InteractSG!!! It’s for our OGP Hackathon project. Greatly appreciated if you could help!
oh damn the form is closed
Oh yea haha it was only opened for 2 hours
but it's fine we didn't stand a chance against the competition anyways 😆
Btw do you have any tips for mod bidding and academic plan declaration? I'm quite lost haha
Yo btw are you planning to buy taylor swift concert tixs?
ooo acad plan asap and i think they will allocate most mods to u for year 1 sem 1
ooo the queue seems so long tho
Damn asap as in I must declare now?
Oh HAHA are you queueing now?
nahh
oh idk when it’s available for y1s to declare
oh haha
wait you're a swiftie right?
ah i think mine starts on 19 July or sth
actually what's the purpose of declaring academic plan?
I heard that it renews each year? how come you can keep declaring?
i listen to some of her songs but not rly haha why
if u declare second major focus area etc u get priority for those classes
eg. math major gets priority to math classes ai focus area gets gets priority for ai classes
but u need to declare everytime to bid for classes. u cannot bid otherwise
Oh I see haha
ohh!
wait... do you mean that I can whack math minor just to get priority on math mods, then the next year, I change my mind?
yea sure if u want
Btw right NUSMods is just a platform to help you schedule your classes right?
but after that, the actual schedule you get depends on the results of the ModReg right?
yup
Ah I see thanks!
Yo do you have any advise for min specs for laptops for CS?
I kind need a new laptop, but idk what to get lmao
actly anything would do tbh
but i guess 16 gb ram and maybe like 512 gb ssd would be enough to run vms, have enough space for all the softwares/ides and open a lot of chrome tabs HAHAHA
as I’m saying that, I’m literally using my potato intel mac from 2017 with 8gb ram and like 128 gb ssd that has been working fine hahah
mac might be easier to install things and use terminal but tbh u cld get any windows laptop and run linux also
I see!
Oh yea need to run VMs too haha
Woah actually?! Wow that’s incredible haha
Ah run Linux as it double boot?
Btw what things are easier to install on Mac?
things like node you can just use brew to install using terminal instead of downloading on the website like on windows
you can dual boot or just use it as ur main os like some ppl haha
Oh that’s interesting I didn’t know that
Wait actually?
Damn that’s interesting haha
Oh yea also are there tests or exams that are administered online on your laptop?
How does that work?
yupp u download a software called Examplify
Oh I see
Damn so if you no laptop, then you're in trouble basically haha
Btw do you see a lot of your peers using ThinkPads?
uhhhhh i'm not sure tbh i see more macbooks than thinkpads i think
i think you can loan laptops from nus but idk anyone who has
Oh wow I see
but for windows users, are most of them using ThinkPads?
Oh I see
nah idts
Ah I see
Oh yea btw, do you bid for RVRC mods together with the other mods?
i think you can only bid for rvrc mods from round 2
Ohh
actually on that topic, why are there 3 rounds of mod bidding? what is the diff between them anyways?
if u don’t get modules in one round, you bid in the next round haha
Oh! Haha I see
Did you bring a mini-fridge into RC last time?
no
there’s a pantry fridge for each floor u can use haha
Oh I see!
But is it safe putting your foodstuff in the communal fridge? 🤣
i just wrap mine in 2 plastic bags hahaha
but they did clean the fridge from time to time from what I remember
oh nice haha
ah that's good
any instances of rotten stuff inside the fridge, or your food going missing? 😆
btw which mods would you recommend haha
1001 is quite fun and the prof is q nice
Oh interesting!
Cuz some of my friends are planning to take that to haha
What is it about anyways?
And how applicable is it, cuz it’s about science fiction? 🤣
yo wait sorry urgent... for your first year academic plan declaration, what did you choose?
do we need to fill in tracks? Cuz i've been hearing conflicting advice on that haha
just computer science as ur primary major and rvrc prog
u don’t need to as y1
ur taking cs1101s rite
applicable to what? i mean u just read and watch science fiction and write some papers abt it in the mod
Ah I see
Yep
Can thanks a lot! Cuz I was really confused about the other fields HAHAHA
Applicable as in to real life haha. Like rn I see the mod as fun rather than useful
uhhh i think most ge mods arent that useful in general… but i think all the rvx moddds s teach u academic writing with different content?
Ohh I see
haha i'm going to die in that: I suck at writing 😆
Btw right I apparently got pre-allocated a GEA mod, but the thing is I'm already going to do another GE mod in RVRC. Do you know if I can drop that pre-allocated GEA mod or sth?
i think u shld just do it in sem 1 cus tbh u would still have to do it by y2? i think
just use ur SUs haha
oh right!
Oh actually
Hmm but doing two GEs in a sem... would that be a waste? Cuz I could use one of the mod space to quickly clear a math mod or sth that is a pre-requisite for other mods
idk what are your thoughts? Haha
Oh yea also for the science fiction mod, what kind of stuff did you have to watch?
actly dunnid to rush since u can overload in sem 2 and if u think GEs might be ur weaker mods u shld clear them in y1 when u can use sus
but if u wanna then go ahead haha
oh like black panther, black mirror, ghost in the shell etc
Ah that's a good idea
damn but isn't overloading pretty stressful? haha
ah so technically I can still do the GEs in sem 2 if I want to SU them?
woah that sounds cool!
i mean if ur gonna su something then it shld b ok
but honestly u can finish cs wo overloading at all also
yea i guess
Oh serious? Nice
Can thanks for advising!
Btw have you completed GEA1000?
Oh yea do you mind sharing what mods you took in Sem 1? 😆
yup
cs1101s, cs1231, ma2001, ma1521 and rvn1000 iirc
Oh nice which sem did you complete it in?
Ah I see
wow you spam both math mods in the same sem? how did that go?
oh it went ok tbh i think i got allocated both math mods or smthng like that haha
y1s2
Woah!
No wonder
I see
Oh you didn’t take ST1231 instead?
Btw did you bring any monitors or desktops into the hall?
nope rvrc has monitors/desktops u can borrow in the e resource library
u mean st2334? i mean im doing a math second major alr and not stats so i just took st2334
Ohh
That’s nice
So you could do your hardcore work over there?
Ohh
Wait no I actually meant ST1231, cuz I heard a lot of people are using ST1231 to replace GEA1000 to fulfil the Data Literacy pillar. I understand that ST2334 is another mod that is compulsory under the CS degree requirements
But since you took GEA1000, how was that? 🤣
p chill. like 0 effort tbh haha i got carried by my team
urm sure? idk what u mean by hardcore but i guess?
Yo nice! 🤣
Oh haha I meant like more intense work where you can’t just do on your own Pc and need theirs
Anyways what was your house in RVRC?
oo i was in panthera
what’s ur hse
ooh nah most of the time my laptop is enuf!
Oo same!!!
Actually what’s the significance of the house? 😂
Oh that’s great!
oh that means u will be staying in the upper floors of tower block hahah
the big building in rvrc
u probably wont encounter many insect friends ahahah
Ooh that’s great!
Nice haha
Confirm no snakes right? 🤣
nope
Yo tower block is block F is it?
Nvm I found out alr LOL
r u at orientation ahha
Haha how do you know?
this haha
how is it
Oh 🤣
Pretty fun so far haha
ooo that’s good
Imo much better than FSC 🤣
Also btw, do you know anything about the other RVX mods?
I’m taking of adding a reserve mod since RVX1001 has overwhelming demand. Which would you recommend?
I think the other mods are new tbh. iirc citizen speak was not that fun according to my friends last sem but the rest should be ok? hahah
I see!
rly? how was that? i was in the organizing comm like a year ago HAHAHA
Woah mugger!
As in you planned last year’s FSC?
yeahh
was it as bad as last year?
well... idk about last year's one HAHA
so I can't comment on that
but based on my personal comparison between this year's FSC and RVRC, I felt that the RVRC one was better
but this my personal opinion based on what I felt, so it's a bias perspective haha
ooo i see HAHAHA
was it a lot of just waiting/buffer time in fsc haha?
not really haha
it was quite well planned I felt
but the reason I felt RVRC was better is cuz of it's activites
I liked the RVRC activities more haha
as compared to FSC
because FSC had a lot of sports games, and I suck at sports, so I didn't really enjoy it
meanwhile, RVRC had more things like tree-planting, riddles and team building games which I felt was more inclusive and more fun
and yea the amazing race, where you go around and find things, or like play mini games
those don't need a specific skill imo, and was more inclusive in general, so I enjoyed those
oh yea btw right, what usually happens in week 0?
In both CS and RVRC?
oh uh nothing iirc
there might be some lectures tho
but that’s it
it’s like a free week
i think there will be bidding for tutorial slots during that week tho
Oh
Oh lol
Oh right
Then why did they have to specially call it week 0? 🤣

Yo have you heard of StartIT?
some NUS society?
oh yeah why haha
Oh do you know what they do?
oh they have like projects related to nus things and do swe i think but im not 100% sure
woah mugger!
did you join? haha
nah im already in social impact catalyst haha
Woah mugger what is that?
it’s another nus cca haha u can temporarily join a random start up
Oh!
That sounds cool
That one got interview process?
nahhh but i think it might depend on ur start up
mine is q chill tbh
but it’s a women-only start-up so
iirc there was some recycling app start-up that had no interview also
I see!
woah mugger!!!
wow that sounds pretty cool tho
so anyone in the school can create a start-up?
i think so
Wow RC is damn fun siol!
Can play badminton and tennis until midnight 🤣
oh yeah haha
im glad ur having fun! you can try out a lot of other things too like baking and yoga
Baking? Woah that sounds cool!
Oh yea also block D lounge the best, got karaoke siol!!!
Oh wait you joined yoga last time also right?
yeahh
Cool!
For textbooks listed on canvas, do you know where we can get it from?
like are we supposed to get a copy or something, or is it you need to buy if you want it?
oh actually u dont need it
they’ll give slides so the books are just “extra” reading material that u can download online. i think i have this tb tho that i got from a senior so i can pass it to you if you want
i need to check if i still have it tho 😅
ohh! wait how do you download online?
woah mugger! That would be great haha but I would prefer a soft copy if possible
otherwise it's fine haha thanks for offering tho 😊
just google -insert tb title- pdf/epub on google HAHAH 🫣
woah mugger!
thanks for that tip HAHAHA
🙈
btw r u going for a run now
oh yea btw this social catalyst thingy that you joined, is it possible to come up with your own start-up there also?
oh nah HAHA
i think so but u need to go for some 1 day bootcamp thing
I ran out of exercise clothes :(
u shld ask them during slf!
woah mugger!
wait what's that? haha
oof damn have been trying all the rc sports
also time to learn how to use the tb washing machines HAHHA
then if you join an existing start-up, it is like on a completely voluntary basis, or like you get renumerated for your contributions?
yep HAHAHA
actually tho, in fact i live right beside them some more, but yet I'm still lazy to go wash HAHAHA
i think some of them renumerate like mine gives me discounted exercise classes HAHAHHA
woah exercise classes? what are those haha
like spin classes?
like yoga/pilates/spin/boxing etc
woah sounds interesting!!!
but it’s women-only classes hahah oof
oh wait HAHAHA
cus that’s what the startup is abt - women-only exercise groups
ohh!
no wonder
oh ur on the 8th floor?
damn must be nice
haha so they give you complimentary access to their products basically haha
with all that breeze
oh yes!
yeahhh
oh yea damn cooling at night!
also apparently my three immediate neighbours are Year 2 CS seniors!!!
oh fr? that’s noice
yea ikr!
btw have u met any Y3 arts senior called sam
i would like to think that's the reason I'm the only one from my OG to be allocated to the 8th floor hahaha
oooh.. i don't think so hahaha
panthera also?
oh actly i think allocation is just whatever rooms they have left haha there were 0 other CS ppl on my floor oof
like both years
Oh i see. oh damn haha
oh oof damn. tell me if u ever meet him haha
not sure? maybe chelonia?
oh sure! HAHA
idk where senior prog ppl go
ohhh hahaha
right that's true
aight have fun with ur sport of the day HAHAHHA
or karaoke for the day ;)
oh yes HAHAHA thanks!
So far y'all also have nothing this week right? For NUS stuff
nope hahah i’m interning tho so i have that
woah mugger!
damn are you planning to intern during the sem also?
or it's going to end soon?
yeaaa but it’s quite chill cus im doing intern-as-a-service so it’s basically just coming up with a product for this company to help them with automation of some manual entry things
Woah mugger!
Wait what’s an intern as a service?
First time hearing that term!
Wtf!!! Look at this insanity

Wtf they have legit karaoke system right in RVRC!!!!


you must join us for karaoke one day bro!!!
Sorry for the spam I was too excited jn HAHAHA
😅
oh it’s like this nus website where u can find short term internships haha
nah issok but damn were u awake the whole night 😅
Oh!
That’s interesting haha
Nah HAHA I went to sleep at 5
And now I’m going to jam at jukebox at 11
With 4 hours of sleep 😭
oh damn good luck haha
Okay I survived!
And the vice house-head of Panthera who is also a jukebox member said she really liked my voice HAHAHA
ooo nice
Btw did you use your PSEA Funds to pay for RC?
nah my scholarship paid for it
Oh wait your scholarship covers RC also?!
Noice!
yea
wah so good siol haha
Yo what do you think of such a timetable planning? Any advice? 😅
Damn sway sia... got the RV mod in the middle of the day
woah damn ur schedule seems v packed
my timetable
i guess u can't really change it also cus of the 8 am lectures and stuff but at least u have e-learning i guess hahaha
but i think y1 schedule will b like that
oh legit? HAHAHA
damn i tot it was quite okay already since i at least managed to free one day hahaha
oh yea that's quite a bummer
but I was thinking of skipping the lecture and review the recording instead
but i need to find out if the lecture is even recorded in the first place haha
holy crap that's an amazing timetable bro!!!
I now see why there's no need to stay on campus in senior years hahaha
btw do you have any tips on how to plan back-up tutorial slots?
like basically the 2nd and 3rd choices
i think these go after the slots you chose for all ur modules
but during the add/drop period you can just switch around classes quite easily
Oh yes
So what’s the strat? 🤣
i think i read somewhere on reddit that it should be like A,B,C,D,A,B,C,D
where A,B,C,D are unique modules
then put the slots u need first
the negotiable tut slots at the back
smthng like that
I see!
Oh yea I heard of this technique haha
But wait so how do you decide which are “negotiable tut slots”?
Also btw how detrimental is it if you don't end up getting the same tutorial slots as you friends and end up with complete strangers?
like tutorials u dont mind it being in multiple timeslots
not much. just make friends or just go to class as per normal haha
no one cares tbh
a lot of ppl go to slots alone
unless the mod has grpwork and u want to do it with friends, then u shld bid for the same tutorial slots
I see!
Ooh
Right that’s very important!

also have you started coming to school alr?
oo not yet HAHHAHA online lectures this week
r u still in rv
Shiok haha!
Yep
do u meet up w raj in rc4 haha
Nope haha
Not yet at least 🤣
Wait he’s in RC4?!
oh u k u can swap meal credits rite
is he not? i rmbr him telling me he applied
Oh he told me he didn’t get in
ohhhh
Unfortunately :(
oof
Wait I can do that with other RCs?
yeah u can transfer ur credits w anyone that has a meal plan
so like hall ppl too
but hall food sucks a word if caution
Ohh!
Wait I tried doing that and it didn’t work haha
is raj on campus tho?
For Kent Ridge hall
Oh actually? 😭
I don’t think he managed to get into any place of residence
oh wut frr i rmbr it working but i guess u friend can just use their credits if it fails haha
Yea haha be treated me that day
But for some reason I felt that his hall food was better than RV one HAHAHA
But it could be a one off thing
yarhhhh it’s hella oily and jus lower quality than rc food
Damn HAHA
wut no wayyy my friend was also from kr and she told me the food sucks
I guess their meal plan is cheaper for a reason
Oh legit?
she grabs food in all the time 💀
Rip
Maybe people feedbacked? 😂
mebbe haha
Oh yea you know yesterday RV had a food outage HAHAHA
oh wut
Yea suddenly there was no more food
there’s almost always food from my memory
was it some popular menu items haha
Hello rvrc!! The dining hall is out of food at the moment! We are currently rushing the kitchen to send more food !! The kitchen staff is currently trying to resolve the issue and we appreciate your patience! Will update you guys when food is here 😭😭😭
So sorry pals!! It would help if everyone can feedback on the DH app regarding this issue
HAHAHA
oof
Nope haha all of them went out
oh damn were ppl maxing out their credits or something
use all 3 credits at a time haha
or mebbe some food trays went missing haha
actually tho i think that's what happened!
and the cafeteria was exceptionally packed at that time!
i seee
want 2 meet up for lunch on campus this sem haha? if our timetables line up that is?
Sure! That would be great haha

Haha I’m in Code Ri-view now and I’m dying 😂
oh whats that
ive never heard of it HAHHAHA must be new
but u can hmu if u need help with cs1101s quests HAHAHAH got an A+ for cs1010r
Oh no wonder haha
yea it's an IG where some senior teaches us coding
there were two sessions, one was based on the Cs1010 syllabus and one on the CS2040
I went for the latter and it was insane HAHAHA but it was really eye opening and informative!
we learn about describing time complexities of algorithms using Big O Notation
which I tot was damn interesting! Especially when things like P&C and Series suddenly start popping out in the the solution
woah mugger! Damn you're amazing HAHA
oh wait is CS1010r the extension of CS1101s where you get to clear one unit or something?
yeaaa
oh wow must be new
I see! Nice!
Yea sounds like it
After all it’s only one person teaching atm HAHA
oh damn must b a cs god
right!
Yo are you in campus tmr?
nahhh
sorryyy
No worries haha
I just attended my first RVX1002 tutorial and it was the best I’ve ever attended!
oh wow what is it abt haha
Some mod about communicating in inter cultural setting!
Aptly titled “What do you mean?”
It was my last choice, so I was kinda dreading it at first
But then it turns out that the mod was very interesting (at least to me)!
It made us think very philosophically about languages and meaning behind the names we give concepts
oh nice
Oh wait what app do you use to make handwritten notes on your iPad again?
collanote!
Oh cool
Also btw where do you do your homework on?
Do you use old fashion pen and paper, or you do them on your iPad Air?
ipad haha
sometimes ill do on pen and paper for scratch work
woah mugger!
so you do it on collanote also?
oh what's scratch work?
yupp
like rough working, sketch, answer plan etc
I see!
thanks!
Yo how’s lessons so far?
ok wbu urs
wah damn shag sia 😢
It's damn fast paced
the lectures and all are really content heavy
so like you're learning a long of things very quickly
but other than the academics, RC life has been really fun
Especially the chalking session! 😆
ooo that’s nice to hear!
Is it possible to use collanote to open a pdf file in onedrive and ensure that it is sync across all devices?
yea i think collanote syncs across all devices. just download ur onedrive pdf file to ur ipad’s file storage and open it in collanote
ah I see... but won't that downloaded copy be independent from the one in OneDrive?
oh u want to sync it with onedrive?
idt u can do that but i guess in that case u should j use onenote for ur notes
yes
yea haha
Ohh!
wait but do you know if onenote can edit pdf files from onedrive tho?
i tried doing it but it made me import the file into onenote lol
But i want to be able to directly edit the pdf file and see the changes on my other machines
should be yes
there should be a save to onedrive option in onenote
same with word, powerpoint, excel etc
Ah
Okay that’s good
Thanks!
Yo! have you used this to claim anything before? https://www.mycg.com.sg/nus#nus-claims-ay2022
nahhh
sorry
Oh haha no worries
Any tips for RA1 for CS1101S? I’m dying 😭
oh speed HAHAHHA
i think some ppl run out of time iirc
Oh dear haha thanks!
Damn that means must think fast and shade fast 😂
just step thru the functions they give
u shld b fine
ah... so it's more like you being the REPL and you've to attempt to process the code? 😂
yup if they didnt change the format
Ohh
Wow that’s insane 😂
Yo any tips for how to make the cheat sheet for CS1101S
oh dya rly did a cheatsheet tho HAHAHA
maybe google and print a senior’s cheatsheet?
sflr i was out jn
iirc i didnt use a cheatsheet or it was not useful
Ooh okay I’ll check this out
Woah mugger!
Ups lah 🤣
naurrr midterms iirc is just stepping thru functions haha
Ohh!
Damn so it’s like RA?
i think so but i cant rmbe exactly
I see
Thanks a lot haha
Also damn we haven’t managed to meet up for lunch 😂
oh yes lonch. u still stay in pasir ris rite? or r u in sch for recess week? if ur in pasir ris, i can meet u for lunch at maybe white sands or downtown east?
Oh wait I’ll probably be in school during recess week HAHAHA
Yea I stay Pasir Ris otherwise 🤣
oh damnn maybe when the sem resumes then haha
Yea I think that’s a better idea!
i mean i still stay in punggol haha pasir ris is q close by
ooo ok
Oh yes that’s true!
Oh yea just curious how long is the commute from your house to NUS?
maybe we can meet in utown or com?
Ooh sure
hmm like 1h exactly to get to kr and extra 15 mins to get to com
oh dayum i actly had lunch with my rv friend multiple times this sem haha shld have came meet u in the lounge or something haha
hbu?
Ah I see!
Around the same duration actually haha
One time I rushed from home and reach my tutorial class exactly as it started 😂
Ooh that’s nice!
Actually tho HAHAHA
Revisit your previous home
noiceee
Ooh that means your friend is still staying?
Like under senior programme or sth?
yup he’s in the senior prog
his name is sam he stays on the 3rd floor of tb
Ohh
Okay I probably don’t know HAHAHA
oh dya know him?
i mean he has purple hair HAHAHA u can just approach him he’s q chill
Ooh interesting HAHAHA
Is he an RA or sth?
ask him to have dinner or brekkie tgt if u feeling lonely HAHAHAH
nah just senior prog
Woah HAHAHA sure!
or u can go swimming/hitt workout w him
HAHAHAH
Wait what’s hitt haha
oh sry hiit like high intensity interval training
Woah mugger HAHAHA
there are some classes in rv on thurs or wed i think
u can attend then if ur down
Ohh it’s an IG?
i think they have them in the atrium
Wait where’s that?
kinda but there’s an instructor
I see!
the place beside the dining hall
Ohh
Okay I’ll check it out thanks for the recommendation!
np np
Wait have I told you that I was in jukebox?
usually after dinner at night
yupp haha
https://www.instagram.com/p/CxfXauQyO0i/?igshid=MTc4MmM1YmI2Ng==
I got featured HAHAHA
Ooh I see
noice!
Yo do you have any mid terms this week?
nope my midterms start next week!
wbu
Woah so good!
Mine starts in less than an hour 😭
Do you want to come RV and study some day?
oo sure but not this sem haha im kinda rlyyyy busy with part time intern and schtuff
woah mugger!!!
wow is it very stressful with part-time intern?
nah issok but i kinda need to be at work 3/5 days a week oof
Holy crap!
That’s insane HAHAHA
What company?
schindler
it’s not a tech company hahaha
Ooh wait so what are you doing there?
oh like writing some scripts and a website for some business processes
Woah mugger!
Oh that’s interesting
Is it WFH or must you go to a workplace?
i have to go to work but it's not too far
it's in tampines lol
Ooh that’s nice haha
Yo!
How have you been?
Yo btw did you take GEA1000 to fulfil your GEA pillar?
sflr ive been busy w finals and am overseas rn
ive been fine tho other than being busy wbu
yup yup i did easy mod
just show up for classes + do the the 10 min presentation
r u thinking of taking gea?
No worries
How did you finals go?
Also are you still interning at Schneider?
HAHAHA relatable!
Woah! Sounds easy
But there’s a group project component right?
Yep!
I’m considering between GEA1000, ST1131 and DSA1101
😭
p okee wbu?
Schindler* and yes haha
yup that’s the presentation
oops HAHA
Haha I absolutely got destroyed by Ma1522 😭
ooh
damn are there slackers in your team last time?
i think i was the slacker lol 🤡
but tbh there wasn’t much to do for each person bah
and i did my part. it took like 30 mins
Yo what a flex!
Wow… wait so simple?
yea it was just reading some paragraph and identifying how to analyse the data or something like that
linear algebra? i heard it was hard this sem feelsbadman
Woah sounds easy HAHAHA
Yea ikr!
We all died bro
And it doesn’t help when there are absolutely no past year papers :(
oh it wasn’t like ma2001?
Yea bro
it was far from it
for one, MA1522 allows you to use matlab
that means the questions are way harder
since in MA2001, they can only test as much as you can manually calculate
my sem allowed that iirc
the prof victor tan semesters
have you signed up for hack n roll btw
Oh wait really?
Woah nice haha
Oh yea I did!
Did you also join?
nope not yet im looking for a team haha
Ooh do you want to join our team?
We are looking for members also!
You remember Raihan? Yea he’s in my team
And some junior called Wonje (who skipped NS haha so he’s a Y1 now also)
ooo can i?
oh cool
Wait why not? HAHAHA
sure then
have yall filled in the form?
Cool!
Yep!
I’ll add you to our group haha
oo ok thanks!
Yo have you TAed before?
nahh
Oh lmao
Have you used vercel before?
oh yeah y? do u wanna deploy ur build with it or something?
yea lol
basically I'm in charge of deploying and I tot vercel was the most straightforward
but the issue now is that I'm not sure how to deploy if i'm not the owner of the project
like i'm just a collaborator basically
do you know if it's possible for a collaborator to deploy?
yea i assume u mean collaborator on github rite
just fork the project and deploy ur fork
ooh that's a smart move!
but the thing about the fork is that it won't be auto-updated by commits from the parent repo right?
like you've manually sync or something(?)
tbh u can prolly do it on the main branch too i think but im guessing u want it done fast haha
ooh wait wdym?
like u can deploy from the main repo too i think if u have permissions
ooh!
as a collaborator?
i can go home and check for ya
yea should be can we deployed our cs3219 project like that so
ooh!
is it with github actions or sth?
yea it’s annoying
mhmm i think so iirc
woah mugger!
then maybe it's worth learning!
thanks so much!!!
do update me hahaha
wait do u have my github
u can go check
@cjyothika
the cs3219 proj
just copy the yaml file if there is
Oh wait!
So the YAML file does everything for us basically
yup yup
u have docker right? ok but i guess there’s github actions
ooh i don't have docker lmao
i think jus set up github actions it will run it in the cloud
oh okay thanks!
btw what's your github account?
^^ this
cjyothika is the username
ooh okay thanks!
btw right only the owner of the repo can add secrets for the github action?
hmm i think the owner can give access to others to do that
oh yea i found out how alr!
but now i'm having some issues with env variables :(
somehow it doesn't work
oh wot ss maybe i can help
Can!
Gimme a sec
Omg I solved the issue
bruh this is so stupid
turns out I apparently didn't redeploy after configuring the env variables
so the app wasn't updated with it
but then I kept clicking redelpying tho
on vercel
in the end I had to redeploy manually from github actions for the change to take effect
oof i feel ya these things like forgetting to redeploy/recompile happen a lot to me too lol
ikr damn stupid... so many issues keeps popping up 😭
but oh well it works now so... HAHAHA
Yo for CS2030S, is it okay to use your existing github account or is it advisable to make another one just for the course?
just use ur existing one haha
all u need is github classroom
Ooo!
Okay can thanks!
hello world
The function to produce this message has not been implemented yet :(
LFG!!!
The function to produce this message has not been implemented yet :(
i need my passsword!
I need my password!
The function to produce this message has not been implemented yet :(